We have also another thing
that's come up that deserves
broad cyantific treatment and
that is, we call it phasing that
this mind consciousness that we
have. Is in full phase? Let's
say hopefully as I sit and talk
to you hear that all of my
consciousness is involved in
doing this, if you are day,
dreaming or your quote absent
minded apart of your
consciousness is not here. A
very significant part of it and
so, if you think of those being
phases. That 90% of your mind
consciousness is here at this
moment and there's a flicker
Anna part of you.
Is phase out of this and if you
take a deeper then you can see
what all of this whole program
process means it means that you
are becoming more and more out
of phase that are greater
percentile of you is active in
some other state meditative
states are a form of phasing so
let's say the 25% or more of
your phase pattern of what is
phased out of the physical?
Is involved in something else?
And as a result.
You learn. More about your own
personal creative process.
That's been just an absurd thing
to you in the past and then it
becomes absurdly easy.